feat: add `array/base/join` (#1463)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/join/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# join

> > Returns a string created by joining array elements using a specified separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Return a string created by joining array elements using a specified separator.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var join = require( '@stdlib/array/base/join' );
```

#### join( x, separator )

> Returns a string which is the concatenation of all the elements in an array with a given separator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a string created by joining array elements using a specified separator.
```

In general, prefer consistent descriptions.

```javascript
var x = [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 ];

var out = join( x, ',' );
// returns '1,2,3,4,5,6'
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If provided an array-like object having a `join` method, the function defers execution to that method and assumes that the method API has the following signature:

    ```text
    x.join( separator )
    ```

> -   If provided an array element is either `null` or `undefined`, the function will serialize the element as an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If an array element is either `null` or `undefined`, the function will serialize the element as an empty string.
```

> -   If provided an array with null and undefined elements present in it, it will treat them as an empty string 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If provided an array element is either `null` or `undefined`, the function will serialize the element as an empty string.
```

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- Package usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var join = require( '@stdlib/array/base/join' );

> var x = [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ];

Reviewer 2: It is project convention that the examples in the `examples/index.js` file match what is inside the code block of the `## Examples` section. Would you mind replacing this code block with the contents of the `examples/index.js` file, please? (note: we do use `var join = require( '@stdlib/array/base/join' );` instead of the relative require path for the package that is used in `examples/index.js`)
